//Wireshark Tutorial by { Daily Investors }
1. Wireshark is a Network and Packet Analyzer

2. This is a essential and must have for any "Bussiness or Home Owner"

3. With its deeper catching technolgies, this essential tool can pinpoint unauthorized users, agents, and "HOST" info.

4. To Begin capturing select: "Capture"

5. To select multiple networks hold the "shift key"

6. Now in the Wireshark Capture Interfaces window, select Start.
   Or select the shark fin on the left side of the Wireshark toolbar, press ​Ctrl+E, or double-click the network.
   
7. Now select File > Save As or choose an Export option to record the capture.
 
8. To stop capturing, press Ctrl+E. 
   Or, go to the Wireshark toolbar and select the red Stop button.
   
9. How to view the captured packets?   
   1. The captured data interface contains three main sections:
	The packet list pane (the top section)
	The packet details pane (the middle section)
	The packet bytes pane (the bottom section)
   2. The packet list pane, located at the top of the window, shows all packets found in the active capture file. 
      Each packet has its own row and corresponding number assigned to it, along with each of these data points:
      This field indicates which packets are part of the same conversation. It remains blank until you select a packet.
      The timestamp of when the packet was captured is displayed in this column. 
	  The default format is the number of seconds or partial seconds since this specific capture file was first created.
      This column contains the address (IP or other) where the packet originated.
      This column contains the address that the packet is being sent to.
      The packet's protocol name, such as TCP, can be found in this column.
      The packet length, in bytes, is displayed in this column.
      Here you can find additional details to help both in offense, defense.
      To change the time format to something more useful (such as the actual time of day), select View > Time Display Format. 
	  
10.	Wireshark provides a large number of predefined filters by default. 
    To use one of these existing filters, enter its name in the Apply a display filter entry field located below the Wireshark toolbar.
	1.Or in the Enter a capture filter field located in the center of the welcome screen.
      Example: If you want to display TCP packets, just type tcp.  
	  
    2.The next way is to choose a filter. Select the bookmark on the left side of the entry field. 
	  Choose Manage Filter Expressions or Manage Display Filters to add, remove, or edit filters.	
	  There are also options to access your history.

11. Wireshark helps use a varity of different colors, to help you easily access any network.
    It comes with a estimated amount of 20+ different assortment colors. Making it easier to filter the good from the bad.
	
12. Static Drop Down Menu
   1. Included in this menu: "Size and timing information" about the capture file.
      Dozens of charts and graphs ranging in topic from packet conversation breakdowns to load distribution of HTTP/HTTPS requests.
	  
13. Plugins
    1. Wireshark offers plugin availability, and focuses on using the LUA language.
    2. As java and Python both advance through-out the globe, this is brining in new additions on a "Daily" basis.
    3. A varity of vulnerability scanners including "nmap" work well side by side with "Wireshark"

14. Notes
    1. With wireshark we can alayze user-agent strings to determine if "Browser" is outdated.
    2. Outdated "Browsers" can cause you to fall being "victim" by file inclusion attacks.

	
